content/links.md, before:

---
title: Links
lastmod: 2023-06-29
---

Here are some links to other websites that I find useful or interesting. Since search engines tend to only rank the most popular sites with few exceptions, [finding interesting small websites is increasingly difficult](/blog/discoverability/). This is my way of helping to correct that.

{{<note title="Disclaimer">}}
Linking a website here does not constitute an endorsement of everything they've ever posted.
{{</note>}}

## Interesting Websites by Individuals

Websites not about any specific topic, but included because I like their writing. 

- **[~bt](https://bt.ht/)**
- **[bikobatanari](https://www.bikobatanari.art/)**
- **[Cheapskate's Guide](https://cheapskatesguide.org/)**
- **[CozyNet](https://www.cozynet.org/)**
- **[Drew DeVault](https://drewdevault.com/)**
- **[Jared White](https://jaredwhite.com/)**
- **[Luke Smith](https://lukesmith.xyz/)**
- **[Manuel Moreale](https://manuelmoreale.com)**

## Web Development

Websites and blogs about web development (without the bloat).

- **[Go Make Things](https://gomakethings.com)**
- **[The Spicy Web](https://www.spicyweb.dev/)**

## YouTube Channels

I purposefully don't watch much YouTube anymore, because I find it very hard to responsibly use the website without being affected by the algorithm. The few channels I still subscribe to, I do so via RSS.

- **[Natural Hypertrophy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG-3rEW4IrDNa7-9iGByc2A)**

## Interesting Articles

Articles I've read recently (or not so recently).

- **[How the Blog Broke the Web](https://stackingthebricks.com/how-blogs-broke-the-web/)**
- **[My Website is a Personal Museum](https://www.bikobatanari.art/posts/2020/personal-museum)**
- **[The Great Gaslighting of the JavaScript Era](https://www.spicyweb.dev/the-great-gaslighting-of-the-js-age/)**

Commit message:

Add "I quit YouTube for more than a month" to links page

content/links.md, after:

---
title: Links
lastmod: 2023-06-29
---

Here are some links to other websites that I find useful or interesting. Since search engines tend to only rank the most popular sites with few exceptions, [finding interesting small websites is increasingly difficult](/blog/discoverability/). This is my way of helping to correct that.

{{<note title="Disclaimer">}}
Linking a website here does not constitute an endorsement of everything they've ever posted.
{{</note>}}

## Interesting Websites by Individuals

Websites not about any specific topic, but included because I like their writing. 

- **[~bt](https://bt.ht/)**
- **[bikobatanari](https://www.bikobatanari.art/)**
- **[Cheapskate's Guide](https://cheapskatesguide.org/)**
- **[CozyNet](https://www.cozynet.org/)**
- **[Drew DeVault](https://drewdevault.com/)**
- **[Jared White](https://jaredwhite.com/)**
- **[Luke Smith](https://lukesmith.xyz/)**
- **[Manuel Moreale](https://manuelmoreale.com)**

## Web Development

Websites and blogs about web development (without the bloat).

- **[Go Make Things](https://gomakethings.com)**
- **[The Spicy Web](https://www.spicyweb.dev/)**

## YouTube Channels

I purposefully don't watch much YouTube anymore, because I find it very hard to responsibly use the website without being affected by the algorithm. The few channels I still subscribe to, I do so via RSS.

- **[Natural Hypertrophy](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCG-3rEW4IrDNa7-9iGByc2A)**

## Interesting Articles

Articles I've read recently (or not so recently).

- **[I quit YouTube for more than a month](https://www.bikobatanari.art/posts/2022/i-quit-youtube)**
- **[Say No to Self-Deprecating Humor](https://denshi.org/blog/say-no-to-self-deprecating-humor/)**
- **[How the Blog Broke the Web](https://stackingthebricks.com/how-blogs-broke-the-web/)**
- **[My Website is a Personal Museum](https://www.bikobatanari.art/posts/2020/personal-museum)**
- **[The Great Gaslighting of the JavaScript Era](https://www.spicyweb.dev/the-great-gaslighting-of-the-js-age/)**
